Add React Router 7 compatilibty issue callout (#1866)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/quickstarts/react-router.mdx

Clerk's [React Router SDK](/docs/references/react-router/overview) provides prebuilt components, hooks, and stores to make it easy to integrate authentication and user management in your React Router app. This guide assumes that you're using [React Router v7 or later](https://api.reactrouter.com/v7).

> [!WARNING]

> > Due to an upstream issue with [React Router](https://github.com/remix-run/react-router/issues/12475), you'll need to use Node.js 22.11 or lower until the issue is resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Due to an active [issue with React Router](https://github.com/remix-run/react-router/issues/12475), Clerk and React Router currently requires using Node.js 22.11 or lower.
```
